upgrade-insecure-requests added to default MV3 CSP (#23114)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/109/index.md

## Changes for add-on developers

> - The default [Content Security Policy (CSP)](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_Security_Policy) for Manifest V3 extensions has been updated to include `upgrade-insecure-requests`. This means that, by default, all user data requests are upgraded to use `https:`. Extensions that need to use `http:` can do so by overriding the default CSP using the [`content_security_policy`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/content_security_policy) manifest.json key ({{bug(1797086)}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The default [Content Security Policy (CSP)](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_Security_Policy) for Manifest V3 extensions has been updated to include `upgrade-insecure-requests`. This means that, by default, all network requests are upgraded to use `https:`. Extensions that need to use `http:` can do so by overriding the default CSP using the [`content_security_policy`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/content_security_policy) manifest.json key ({{bug(1797086)}}).
```

A network request involving "user data" is indistinguishable from regular network requests, hence the generic "network request" terminology.

## Changes for add-on developers

- Manifest V3 is now supported with the ability to sign and release Manifest V3 extensions on AMO. See the [Manifest v3 signing available November 21 on Firefox Nightly](https://blog.mozilla.org/addons/2022/11/17/manifest-v3-signing-available-november-21-on-firefox-nightly/) blog post for more information.

> - The default [Content Security Policy (CSP)](/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Content_Security_Policy) for Manifest V3 extensions has been updated to include `upgrade-insecure-requests`. This means that, by default, all network requests are upgraded to use `https:`. Extensions that need to use `http:` can do so by overriding the default CSP using the [`content_security_policy`](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/manifest.json/content_security_policy) manifest.json key ({{bug(1797086)}}).

Reviewer: Please fit the link to `#upgrade_insecure_network_requests_in_manifest_v3` in this section.
